It was delivered in time this time.
The patient was out of danger in time
If you don't have surgery soon
You can only live for half a month at most
Draw 500,000 surgery as soon as possible, thank you
Xiaoyan was hurt like this by you, you are satisfied
I clearly moved the 500,000 in the factory before
Treat Xiaoyan
result
You lost all the 500,000 to save your wife's life
Are you still a man?
Sorry.
I hurt you and Xiaoyan
But it will make money soon
Whether it's your 500,000 or Xiaoyan's medical expenses
I will give it to you.
Give it all to us
Xiaoyan surgery fee 500,000
My factory is short 500,000
A total of 1 million
What do you give me?
Are you still going to the gambler? Not me
Mom, you're awake
Xiaoyan, I don't want to see you
Go away
Xiaoyan, I still have something to do at the factory
I'll go back first
See you later
In my previous life, my twin sisters lent me 500,000 and then ran away
To help Peng Xiaoyan see a doctor
This caused him to deceive himself and break
And they go bankrupt.
This time
I have to be a man who stands tall
Not only to save double click
But also to take on the responsibilities of a man
Wife, I'm going to make money
You trust me.
Mom?
Did Dad come to your house again?
Rongrong's father really went to make money this time
Daddy will lead us to a better life
Li Qiu
The only thing I can do is to make my daughter not hate you
I hope you don't let your daughter look down on you too
Double click double click
Double-click if you still want to borrow money from me again
My advice to you is only one word: scroll
This time it's not a loan.
Please believe me.
I can help you.
Solve the problem of broken capital chain in your market